Experiment: week4-attempt11
Date: 20250617_215955
Run Number: 2

Generated CC3D Code:
<think> 
 Alright ,  let  me  break  down  how  I  approached  creating  the  JSON  object  based  on  the  user 's  query  and  the  provided  information .

 First ,  I  read  through  the  user 's  query  carefully  to  understand  the  context .  The  user  is  working  on  a  Com pu Cell 3 D  simulation  involving  Ep ith elial  to  Mes ench ym al  Transition  ( EM T )  in  vitro ,  specifically  looking  at   2 D  migration  on  a  surface  and   3 D  invasion  into  a  collagen  gel ,  using  a  cellular  P otts  model .

 My  goal  was  to  create  a  JSON  object  with  ontology  annotations  from  three  sources :  Cell  Ont ology ,  Gene  Ont ology  ( GO ),  and  Me SH .  I  needed  to  ensure  that  each  term  was  relevant  and  accurately  reflected  the  biological  processes  and  concepts  described .

 Starting  with  Cell  Ont ology ,  I  identified  the  key  cell  types  and  model  mentioned :
 -  " ep ith elial  cell "  and  " mes ench ym al  cell "  are  directly  related  to  E MT .
 -  " endo th elial  cell "  was  included  as  it 's  mentioned  in  the  context  of  ad hesion  loss .
 -  " coll agen  gel "  represents  the   3 D  environment .
 -  " cell ular  P otts  model "  is  the  computational  method  used ,  so  it  fits  under  Cell  Ont ology .

 Next ,  for  Gene  Ont ology ,  I  focused  on  biological  processes :
 -  " ep ith elial  to  mes ench ym al  transition "  is  central  to  the  study .
 -  " cell  migration "  is  a  key  process  in  both   2 D  and   3 D  contexts .
 -  " cell  ad hesion "  and  " cell  shape "  are  important  as  they  change  during  E MT .
 -  " mot ility "  and  " surface  tension "  are  factors  in  cell  migration  and  modeling .
 -  " mon ol ayer "  refers  to  the   2 D  setup ,  and  " coll agen "  is  part  of  the   3 D  environment .

 For  Me SH  terms ,  I  chose  broader  categories  that  are  often  used  in  literature :
 -  " Cell  Migration "  and  " Cell  Ad hesion "  are  general  terms  that  encaps ulate  the  specific  processes .
 -  " Models ,  Biological "  covers  the  computational  aspect .
 -  " Coll agen "  is  relevant  to  the   3 D  environment .
 -  " Ep ith elial -M es ench ym al  Transition "  is  the  closest  Me SH  term  for  E MT .

 I  made  sure  each  term  was  placed  under  the  correct  ontology  and  avoided  any  explanations ,  sticking  strictly  to  the  JSON  format  as  requested .  This  approach  ensures  that  the  JSON  object  accurately  reflects  the  biological  concepts  and  processes  involved  in  the  simulation .
 </think> 

 ```  json 
 {
      " Cell  Ont ology ":  [
          " ep ith elial  cell ",
          " mes ench ym al  cell ",
          " endo th elial  cell ",
          " coll agen  gel ",
          " cell ular  P otts  model "
      ],
      " Gene  Ont ology ":  [
          " ep ith elial  to  mes ench ym al  transition ",
          " cell  migration ",
          " cell  ad hesion ",
          " cell  shape ",
          " mot ility ",
          " surface  tension ",
          " mon ol ayer ",
          " coll agen "
      ],
      " Me SH ":  [
          " Cell  Migration ",
          " Cell  Ad hesion ",
          " Models ,  Biological ",
          " Coll agen ",
          " Ep ith elial -M es ench ym al  Transition "
      ]
 }
 ``` 

CC3D File Created: experiments\week4-attempt11_20250617_215955_run2\generated_cc3d_model.cc3d
